hotfix: Disable new behaviour for ENABLE_EXTERNAL_NAME_ALIAS (#788)
kyma-project/istio: docs/release-notes/1.5.3.md

## New Features

> - Allow for opting out of ENABLE_EXTERNAL_NAME_ALIAS Istio pilot environment variable in Istio Custom Resource. This allows for retaining of behavior that was present in Istio before 1.21. See issue [#787](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/issues/787 ).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allow for opting out of the **ENABLE_EXTERNAL_NAME_ALIAS** Istio pilot environment variable in the Istio custom resource. This allows for retaining behavior that was present in Istio prior to version 1.21. See issue [#787](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/issues/787 ).
```
